README.md, before:

<pre>
888888 8b    d8 888888 88""Yb  dP""b8 888888 88""Yb  dP"Yb  88        db    88b 88 8888b.  
88__   88b  d88 88__   88__dP dP   `" 88__   88__dP dP   Yb 88       dPYb   88Yb88  8I  Yb 
88""   88YbdP88 88""   88"Yb  Yb  "88 88""   88"""  Yb   dP 88  .o  dP__Yb  88 Y88  8I  dY 
888888 88 YY 88 888888 88  Yb  YboodP 888888 88      YbodP  88ood8 dP""""Yb 88  Y8 8888Y"  


this is EOS Emerge simple CLI interface for *SECURE* and *LOCAL* voting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

binaries compiled on Mac OS High Sierra, EOSIO master branch 11-06-2018
https://github.com/EOSIO/eos

download, unpack, run terminal.app (cmd+space type terminal)  
navigate to simplewallet folder, type: cd Downloads/simplewallet-master
(or other folder where you unpack archive)
install libraries for cleos by command: ./install-opt (for some reasons may ask your password)

type ./help for some help :)
use ./cleos script instead of ./bin/cleos which is configured for our secure fullnode server over https connection

if you not familiar with CLI interface please feel free to ask us on our telegram channel https://t.me/eosemerge
or by email: support@eosemerge.io
</pre>

Commit message:

Add info about fond-account script

README.md, after:

<pre>
888888 8b    d8 888888 88""Yb  dP""b8 888888 88""Yb  dP"Yb  88        db    88b 88 8888b.  
88__   88b  d88 88__   88__dP dP   `" 88__   88__dP dP   Yb 88       dPYb   88Yb88  8I  Yb 
88""   88YbdP88 88""   88"Yb  Yb  "88 88""   88"""  Yb   dP 88  .o  dP__Yb  88 Y88  8I  dY 
888888 88 YY 88 888888 88  Yb  YboodP 888888 88      YbodP  88ood8 dP""""Yb 88  Y8 8888Y"  


this is EOS Emerge simple CLI interface for *SECURE* and *LOCAL* voting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

binaries compiled on Mac OS High Sierra, EOSIO master branch 11-06-2018
https://github.com/EOSIO/eos

download, unpack, run terminal.app (cmd+space type terminal)  
navigate to simplewallet folder, type: cd Downloads/simplewallet-master (or other folder where you unpack archive)

install libraries for cleos by command: ./install-opt (for some reasons may ask your password)

 * type ./help for some help :)
 * use ./find-account if you want to check your record in snapshot file
 * use ./cleos script instead of ./bin/cleos which is configured for our secure fullnode server over https connection

if you not familiar with CLI interface please feel free to ask us on our telegram channel https://t.me/eosemerge or by email: support@eosemerge.io
</pre>
